---
layout: post
title: October
---
Well, that was an October surprise.

To make a long story short, I have been feeling off since spring, coughing since last winter (allergies), but it wasn't until I went on a trip with friends to the Ruby Mountains in Nevada realized something was very wrong. For once, I was not even able to get up the mountain thinking it was the altitude sickness. When we came back from the trip, my body swelled twice its size leading me to get scans, a discussion with a kidney doctor, and into the ER on September 30th. Right after I had a biopsy of my kidney and bone marrow, cardiologists, and a cardiothoracic surgeon told me I was at risk for tachycardia if I did not have emergency surgery. So Friday, October 2nd, I rushed into surgery and woke up 24 hours later intubated in SICU,  tied down to my bed with a cancer diagnosis and tubes draining fluid away from my body. 

God, it was awful.  There were many feelings, tears, and upon reading the news, anger, and frustration.

But if you know me, I said, "fuck it let's ride" and fought. I kept chipper with all my nurses, who were lovely and helpful. Each day, things got better.

I'm a week discharged from the hospital and on the up and up.

I want to offer something straightforward. I am very thankful for all of my friends and people in my life, regardless of my beliefs. This cancer I will absolutely beat. I am at risk of getting COVID19 and dying while on chemo, immunocompromised. 

So fuck it with the "I'm sorry" nonsense and ask yourself  two questions I'm wondering haven't been kept abound:

What sacrifices am I making to protect my most vulnerable friends?
In other words, how much of a risk am I taking for others by putting myself in this situation?

Because let me tell you, going to bars unmasked, indoors- these large gatherings, lack of social distancing all put me at risk and force me to do what I was doing previously and severely limiting my social interaction. I hated it, but I did it thinking about my grandparents in Baltimore, who I call every week to check in on. I sacrificed for them and walked into a hospital negative.

I don't want to let my cancer define me. It will have to if we refuse to understand how all of this and our own actions tie into public health. Please help me keep cancer at bay and just a small part of my life. Stay away from bars and indoor dining. If you're in a position to limit it or ban it while offering economic assistance to those lovely establishments, please do. Please wear a mask and social distance more than six feet.






